[WIP] Enh: refactoring repo organization (#121)
artefactory/nautilus-connectors-kit: README.md

# Nautilus Connectors Kit

> **NCK is an ET(L) tool specialized in API data ingestion. It is accessible through a Command-Line Interface. The application allows you to easily extract, stream and load data (with minimum transformations), from the API source to the destination of your choice.**

Reviewer: Is it really the "L" that is optional?

```suggestion
**NCK is an E(T)L tool specialized in API data ingestion. It is accessible through a Command-Line Interface. The application allows you to easily extract, stream and load data (with minimum transformations), from the API source to the destination of your choice.**
```

Author: Indeed, thank you for spotting this !
